bc. @alantar
   _____  .__                 __
  /  _  \ |  | _____    _____/  |______ _______
 /  /_\  \|  | \__  \  /    \   __\__  \\_  __ \
/    |    \  |__/ __ \|   |  \  |  / __ \|  | \/
\____|__  /____(____  /___|  /__| (____  /__|
        \/          \/     \/          \/



What you see here is a repository of an application that generates characters for custom RPG system called Alantar.
It's goal is: when a player takes a new RPG book to his hand, everything seems to be overwhelming at first glance.
He might be excited to try it, but the process of creating a character for play might be difficult at first and not everyone wants to use example characters prepared by author of the book.

And here comes the online characters generator :)

h2. Environment

* ruby <1.9.2-p290>
* rails <3.0.9>
* bundler
* gems are described in Gemfile and also some are packed by bundler into the project.
* PostgreSQL <8.4> or <9.1>
* wkhtmltopdf

h3. Developer Setup

bc. git clone git@github.com:socjopata/char_maker.git ~/projects/alantar_char_maker && cd ~/projects/alantar_char_maker
# if using rvm acknowledge gemset creation
bundle install

h3. Database Setup

bc. cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml
# customize credentials inside file. Or let perl do that for you :-)
perl -i -p -e 's/<username>/$PG_USERNAME/g;' config/database.yml
perl -i -p -e 's/<password>/$PG_PASSWORD/g;' config/database.yml
rake db:setup

h3. Test suite

Be sure to setup test database and load seed data first. You can run the suite by issuing:

bc. rspec

h2. License

I release this piece of code under MIT license.